## Why Big Data and Where Did it Come From?
<br>


**Question 1**. Which of the following is an example of big data utilized in action today?

* The Internet

* Wi-Fi Networks

* **Social Media**

* Individual, Unconnected Hospital Databases


**Question 2.** What reasoning was given for the following: why is the "data storage to price ratio" relevant to big data?

* It isn't, it was just an arbitrary example of big data usage.

* Companies can't afford to own, maintain, and spend the energy to support large data storage unless the cost is sufficiently low.

* Larger storage means easier accessibility to big data for every user because it allows users to download in bulk.

* **Lower prices mean larger storage becomes easier to access for everyone, creating bigger amounts of data for client-facing services to work with.**


**Question 3**. What is the best description of personalized marketing enabled by big data?

* Being able to obtain and use customer information for groups of consumers and utilize them for marketing needs.

* Marketing to each customer on an individual level and suiting to their needs.

* **Being able to use personalized data from every single customer for personalized marketing needs.**


**Question 4.** Of the following, which are some examples of personalized marketing related to big data?

* News outlets gathering information from the internet in order to report them to the public.

* A survey that asks your age and markets to you a specific brand.

* **Facebook revealing posts that cater towards similar interests.**


**Question 5.** What is the workflow for working with big data?

* Extrapolation -> Understanding -> Reproducing

* **Big Data -> Better Models -> Higher Precision**

* Theory -> Models -> Precise Advice


**Question 6.** Which is the most compelling reason why mobile advertising is related to big data?

* Mobile advertising allows massive cellular/mobile texting to a wide audience, thus providing large amounts of data.

* Since almost everyone owns a cell/mobile phone, the mobile advertising market is large and thus requires big data to contain all the information.

* **Mobile advertising benefits from data integration with location which requires big data.**

* Mobile advertising in and of itself is always associated with big data.


**Question 7.** What are the three types of diverse data sources?

* **Machine Data, Organizational Data, and People**

Sensor Data, Organizational Data, and Social Media

Information Networks, Map Data, and People

Machine Data, Map Data, and Social Media


**Question 8.** What is an example of machine data?

* **Weather station sensor output.**

* Sorted data from Amazon regarding customer info.

* Social Media


**Question 9.** What is an example of organizational data?

* Social Media

* **Disease data from Center for Disease Control.**

* Satellite Data


**Question 10.** Of the three data sources, which is the hardest to implement and streamline into a model?

* Machine Data

* **People**

* Organizational Data


**Question 11.** Which of the following summarizes the process of using data streams?

* **Integration -> Personalization -> Precision**

* Big Data -> Better Models -> Higher Precision

* Theory -> Models -> Precise Advice

* Extrapolation -> Understanding -> Reproducing


**Question 12.** Where does the real value of big data often come from?

* Having data-enabled decisions and actions from the insights of new data.

* Size of the data.

* Using the three major data sources: Machines, People, and Organizations.

* **Combining streams of data and analyzing them for new insights.**


**Question 13.** What does it mean for a device to be "smart"?

* **Collect data and services autonomously.**

* Having a specific processing speed in order to keep up with the demands of data processing.

* Must have a way to interact with the user.


**Question 14.** What does the term "in situ" mean in the context of big data?

* In the situation

* **Bringing the computation to the location of the data.**

* The sensors used in airplanes to measure altitude.

* Accelerometers.


**Question 15.** Which of the following are reasons mentioned for why data generated by people are hard to process? Choose all that apply.

* **Skilled people to analyze the data are hard to come by.**

* **The velocity of the data is very high.**

* **Very unstructured data.**

* They cannot be modeled and stored.


**Question 16.** What is the purpose of retrieval and storage; pre-processing; and analysis in order to convert multiple data sources into valuable data?

* Since the multi-layered process is built into the Neo4j database connection.

* To enable ETL methods.

* Designed to work like the ETL process.

* **To allow scalable analytical solutions to big data.**


**Question 17.** Which of the following are benefits of organization-generated data? Choose all that apply.

* **Customer Satisfaction**

* **Higher Sales**

* **Better Profit Margins**

* High Velocity

* **Improved Safety**


**Question 18.** What are data silos and why are they bad?

* Highly unstructured data. Bad because it does not provide meaningful results for organizations.

* **Data produced from an organization that is spread out. Bad because it creates unsynchronized and invisible data.**

* A giant centralized database to house all the data production within an organization. Bad because it hinders opportunity for data generation.

* A giant centralized database to house all the data produces within an organization. Bad because it is hard to maintain as highly structured data.


**Question 19.** Which of the following are benefits of data integration? Choose all that apply.

* **Increase data collaboration.**

* **Adds value to big data.**

* Monitoring of data.

* **Increase data availability.**

* **Reduce data complexity.**

* **Unify your data system.**
